Is this idiot really stupid or fake stupid?
The new entertainment husband is Vu Phuong a few years dedicated
You give it to him.
What if he fails again?
Or else...
You give him a month.
If he can increase the company's revenue by 20 points
So how do we continue to let him do it?
Uh, Phoenix, Dad.
Don't worry, I don't need a month.
Up to three days.
I've doubled the company's profits.
Still an idiot, of course.
Double profit
Well, even if Qin Yuming himself went to war.
You can't double your profits in three days.
What if it doesn't double?
If you say no flipping
I don't manage the company anymore.
Mom, I want you to give me powdered milk.
Oh, Phoenix.
It's okay if you can't do it.
Then Dad will hire you a nurse, I don't need any.
I want you.
Husband, look at him.
OK, quickly take Vu Feng to arrange the sex work.
Leave it, Vu Phong.
Let's go.
Wow.
This woman is devious.
However, based on this point, they want to prevent us from achieving the great power of the Qin family.
It's a dream.